---
title: "Sayōnara"
date:   2018-06-26 16:56:00 +0200
cover: "https://picsum.photos/1280/500/?image=1071"
tags:
    - Relationships
    - Comfort Zone
    - Personal Brand
---

I've been very quite. A year's worth of quiet to be exact. I'm sorry. I'm still here. I still plan on blogging, just a little differently now and maybe shorter posts.

---

Writing is hard. Saying goodbye is harder. Writing to say goodbye, for me, is downright a terrible combination.

People are like wood drifting in the rivers of life. We stick together and/or drift apart in times of heavy currents
and when faced with a confluence, we doggy paddle questioningly into our next spine-chilling adventure.

It is because of such adventures that I have witnessed so many farewells at DStv over the past 4 years. Now it is time for me
to bid farewell.

With a heavy heart, I say goodbye to - *friendly, smart, quirky, silly, slightly creepy, extremely serious and professional* - an array of different types of characters whom I'll miss dearly. I wish you all the best!

With over 11 years of .NET experience I finally jump outside of my comfort zone by breaking the language barrier into something a little different - a LISP. *A language I wanted to hack around in since 1999.*

That said, I leave the corporate world behind embarking on a **Clojurist** voyage at [CloudAfrica](https://www.cloudafrica.net/) (a company that really does do affordable cloud hosting). I am immensely anxious yet fired up by this amazing opportunity I was given.

Let the games begin!

Kon'nichiwa &hearts;

---

*Fail! After I got the domain, only then did I Google the name. The funny thing is that curiousprogrammer.net is also a Clojurist. What a coincidence. Well this is me for at least a year. I am all ears for any suggestions for my next brand if I change.*